The saintess is the saintess in the dark clouds
Sure enough, the gift of a country and a city
Live up to your fame
Can those saintesses not look at me more
Even if I were to die, I would still be willing.
What exactly happened?
It can actually let the second protector of Xuanyin Sect invade it
In my opinion, someone must be there
Xuanyin Sect's performance was too weak
So the leftover woman personally came to Tianzong to annul the marriage
Lin Yang
That's it.
What face do you have to stay in Tianzong?
Quickly pack your things
Well, shut up.
It's not what you say at all
Why bother talking to them?
Okay, wait for the saint to annul the marriage later.
I see what else you have to say.
This time the saint came to annul the marriage
Is your best chance
If you can take down the saintess as a true disciple
Then you must be the seat of the sect master
Disciple understands
Erhu Valve Saintess Liang Weili Lintianzong
It is the surname of Tianzong
Please follow me into the temple
No, we're looking for someone
Sure enough, he came to break the marriage
Erhu valve
We already know what Linyang has done
Protector of the Virgins
Don't worry.
We will punish him
Yes, antelopes are naturally cowardly
But great joy
My disciple Wang Tao is also a true disciple
Why don't I come today?
Just to find him
It seems to win and remember hatred
I don't want to, this trash antelope is dead today
Find me suitable
The conditions you said during the day
So I thought about it.
I said yes.